hello and welcome to the best shop near
the top gear shop now so let's see how
well this baby can do look and see the
pencil is about that long right now oh
look that so bad that now this is so it
in front Spence lungs my hand now hold
it down Johnny and that this is what
just baby dog the power v8 power
as man slowly going in and in seconds it
is just turned about the length of a
finger a finger now let's turn in two
lengths or thinking in my thing yeah
finger now I'm my pinky finger so back
to the shop
the hands me intro
Oh
yes now it's just the length of my pinky
thing okay yup that's part of your might
put it back put it in again there's
sharpening put it in again this time
ah who's Johnny you ever go
okay how that's it the best pencil
sharpener in the world